Deal with a range of system environment problems by docker and make it deploy easier (#1021)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: docker.md

## Building The Site Locally By Docker

```bash
repath=~/git/project/ # The folder path of repository bitcoinops.github.io

cd ${repath}

git clone https://github.com/bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io

docker run -d --name bitcoinops -p 4000:4000 -v ${repath}/bitcoinops.github.io:/root/bitcoinops.github.io -w /root/bitcoinops.github.io ruby:2.6.4-stretch /bin/bash -c "bundle install && make preview"

> # open url 127.0.0.1:4000 in browser

Reviewer: This is not immediately available in the browser while the bundle install and make commands are running, so perhaps we can note the delay or provide a way for users to check on the build process (docker logs <container ID> ?) ?

Author: Yeah, we can check whether is it deployed success by ``docker logs -f bitcoinops``, it deploys success if a user sees the log 'Server running'. I will update the file docker.md.
<img width="626" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41293784/220496232-80a683a6-3b47-4ea3-8c25-20e5e7f383b9.png">

docker stop bitcoinops

> # edit file

Reviewer: Not sure if its notable here, but you dont need to stop in order to edit any of the repo files. The make preview will keep running and monitor for file changes and rebuild (in most cases).

Author: > Not sure if its notable here, but you dont need to stop in order to edit any of the repo files. The make preview will keep running and monitor for file changes and rebuild (in most cases).

Thank your reminder.

Author: We must use absolute repath cause the docker mechanism.

Year, we can check whether is it deployed success by ``docker logs -f bitcoinops``.

I have optimized the file docker.md .

[TOC]

> - Deploy docker document https://docs.docker.com/desktop/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure Docker is installed and running (https://docs.docker.com/desktop/)
```

## Building The Site Locally By Docker

1. Define the absolute parent path of repository bitcoinops.github.io .
    ```bash
    repath=~/Desktop/
    ```

2. Create the parent folder and go into the parent folder.
    ```bash
    mkdir -p ${repath}
    cd ${repath}
    ```

3. Download the repository bitcoinops.github.io .
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io
    ```

4. Building the site.
    ```bash
    # Some of the dependencies can take a long time to install on some systems, so be patient.
    docker run -d --name bitcoinops -p 4000:4000 -v ${repath}/bitcoinops.github.io:/root/bitcoinops.github.io -w /root/bitcoinops.github.io ruby:2.6.4-stretch /bin/bash -c "bundle install && make preview"
    ```

5. Output the bitcoinops container log
    ```bash
    docker logs -f bitcoinops
    ```

> 6. The bitcoinops container prints a log like this if building the site success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The bitcoinops container prints a log like this if building the site is successful.
```

> 6. The bitcoinops container prints a log like this if building the site success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The bitcoinops container prints a log like this if building the site is successful.
```

1. Define the absolute parent path of repository bitcoinops.github.io .
    ```bash

>     repath=~/Desktop/

Reviewer: I dont have a preference on this default location either way. 

Personally, I have a ~/Desktop/ folder on my mac, although terminal did ask for permission.

Author: > > > Had an additional thought here, can we add a heading below [Building The Site Locally](https://github.com/bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io#building-the-site-locally) where we briefly summarize docker build and link to this doc?
> > 
> > 
> > It should be a good way, and it should be obvious so people can know there is another way to build the site.
> 
> Feel free to add content and a link from the README to this new doc as part of this PR.

There are two ways
1. Separate "building" detail instruction from README.md to a file, and only provide two building links in README.md. or
2. Just like I updated in the README.md file. It is a simple way.
